my experience was a post secondary education has been so wonderful I enjoyed
everything I studied in the marine corps I enjoyed all those
courses I took in college I enjoyed almost everything I did I was not
quite as excited about law school as I was home a lot my undergraduate
level work I did some graduate level work in the business school
before I got into law school and I probably enjoy that more than law
school but even want school was a lot of fun and has a lot of good
war stories for me to tell them about it so soon my education experience
been positive if there's anything I regret is and get more of
it and because after